
> All arguments will override those specified in the `anvyl.toml`.

## Global Arguments

`-q`, `--quiet`:
Executes the command with no console output.
This is useful for CI/CD pipelines.
The only exception for this is the [[#Help command]].

`--help`, `-h`, `?`:
Does not execute the command, and instead displays a helpful description of the command and its arguments or options.

## Commands

###### Create a new project/modifier
`anvyl new <name>`:
- `--project`, `-p` (default)
	Creates a new Anvyl project from a template.

- `--modifier`, `-m`:
	Creates a new modifier project from a template.

###### Initialize a new project / modifier
`anvyl init`:
- `--project`, `-p` (default)
	Initializes an `anvyl` project within the current folder.

- `--modifier`, `-m`
	Initializes a modifier project within the current folder.

---

###### Add a modifier
`anvyl add <modifier-name>`:
Adds a new modifier to the `anvyl.toml` config, which will be downloaded and used in the next compile (or `check`).

###### Remove a modifier
`anvyl remove <modifier-name>`:
Removes a modifier from the `anvyl.toml` config, and deletes the downloaded dependency.

> Would these require dependency injection?
> What does this process look like?
> Will this use the `anvyl.toml` file?

---

###### Convert
`anvyl convert`:
Attempts to convert all `.tsx` files into `.avyl` within a folder.

`--recurive`, `-r`:
Will recursively convert files within the target directory and it's sub-directories.

`--path <relative path>`, `-p`:
Provide a specific path to convert within.

If the path is to a file, only that file will be converted.

If not provided, the default will be chosen in this order:
1. The `src` folder within the root of the project if one can be found.
2. The `src` folder within the current directory, if there is one.
3. Lastly, it will use the current directory.

---

###### Compile project
`anvyl <relative path>`, `anvyl compile`:
Attempts to compile a project with the specified root folder, or looks for the root via the `anvyl.toml` file.

`--output <relative path>`, `-o`:
Determines the output folder.
Defaults to the project root's `dist` directory.

---

###### Check for compile errors without output
`anvyl check <relative path>`:
Runs the compiler but does not produce any output, just compile-time checks.

> Will this somehow include TypeScript errors?
> Or will all errors have to be generated by the compiler?
> Could run `tsc --noEmit` for this?

---

###### Help command
`anvyl`, `anvyl --help`, `anvyl -h`, `anvyl ?`:
Displays a helpful description of all commands and arguments.